This section contains all the information involving anything programming related. This includes
packages and dependencies with their versions, a link to the GitHub Repo for all the code, and a
setup of the Raspberry Pi server. It also includes pushing code to M5 Devices and how to get the
Wi-Fi properly set up to do so. Lastly, it contains a brief overview of versioning for the M5Stacks.


• Programming/Environment Requirements
o List of packages/dependencies
? pysimplegui
? Urequests
? Pymongo
? Eve
? MongoDB
? unit

o UIFlow, Raspberry Pi, and Drivers versions
? M5 Go for Ultrasonic – 1.9.5
? M5 Go for Rover – 1.7.5
? M5 Core 2 (x2) – 1.9.4
? M5 Grey – 1.7.5
? UI Flow Desktop – 1.7.5
? UI Flow browser version – 1.9.5
? Raspberry Pi – Debian legacy (32 bit)


• GitHub Repo
o Repo link - https://github.com/joeoakes/abist440sp22Team4
o All the main .m5f files for the project are located under the folder named
“project”
o This list below indicates what .m5f file should be ran on what M5 device along
with its purpose within the project
? M5Devices and Files
• M5Rover – M5Go – m5RemoteServo.m5f
• MainScreen – M5Core2 – MainScreen.m5f
• Numpad Puzzle – M5Core2 – Numpad.m5f
• Radioactive Waste Meter - M5Go – motionSensorDetection.m5f
• Rover Motion Detector – M5Core – RadioactiveWasteUltrasonic.m5f


• Setting up PI server
o Repo link - https://github.com/qqm5052/IST440CC
o The starteve.py file runs the eve server after all packages are installed from the
requirements.txt file, and the opscenter.py file would run the python GUI
application.
? StartEve.py
? Settings.py
? Logger.py
? Opscenter.py
o Use python commands to run the files on cmd.


• Pushing code to the M5Devices and the modes: USB and Wi-Fi
o USB:
• M5Stack is powered on, ensuring you are on USB mode to
successfully able to connect UI Flow to the Desktop Application
on Version 1.7.4
• Making sure you have M5 Stack and Laptop connected with TypeC USB cable.
• UI Flow setting page
o COM – This will be populated after your M5 Stack and
Laptop is connected with Type-C USB.
o Language – Select the Language you are comfortable
utilizing.
o Device – Select the device that you are connecting your
laptop too. For example: M5 Core 2, M5Go or M5Go Grey.
o Theme – Select the theme that you would like to apply.


o WIFI:
• M5Stack is powered on, ensuring you are on WIFI mode to
successfully able to connect UI Flow to the Website Application
• There will be instructions populated on the M5 Device for you to
follow when you are attempting to connect M5 Stack to the WIFI.
• Ensuring your Laptop / Computer is on the same WIFI as the M5
Stack device when you are attempting to connect onto the WIFI
Mode.
• UI Flow setting page
o COM – This will be populated after your M5 Stack and
Laptop is connected with WIFI on Web Application.
o Language – Select the Language you are comfortable
utilizing.
o Device – Select the device that you will utilize when you
start coding. For example: M5 Core 2, M5Go or M5Go
Grey.
o Theme – Select the theme that you would like to apply.
• Versioning Notes
o M5Rover – M5Go – 1.7.4
o MainScreen – M5Core2 - 1.9.4
o Numpad Puzzle – M5Core2 - 1.9.4
o Radioactive Waste Meter - M5Go - 1.9.5
o Rover Motion Detector – M5Core – 1.9.4 