This section contains step by step guide for the user to follow from the start of the mission to end
of the mission. The guide of what to do on the track and what not to do during the mission is in
progress.

• Step by Step Guide for the operations
o Rover operations
? User would have to hit start on the M5Stack
? Solve the puzzle
? Scan the QR code with phone that will appear on the screen
? Control the rover with the remote that is on the phone
? Drive forward according to map
? Grab the payload by avoiding all the obstacles with phone remote
? Solve the numpad puzzle which will open the gate
? Land the Rover on the PIR motion Sensor
? Stop timer
? QR code will appear on the screen for the UI Site
o Rank calculator site
? User can access the site on the phone by scanning the QR code
? To know more about the project user can hit instruction
? To know about the team user can hit about us.
? To calculate the rank user can navigate down to “Calculator” button and
press it
? Now user will prompt to the calculate rank page
? User will prompt to enter the time and score
? Entering the value for the field user can press Calculate Rank
? Now user will have the respective rank according to the value they entered


o M5 operations and puzzles
? User will have total of 5 M5Stack devices
? One M5Stack device will be used to controlling the rover and the ignition
puzzle
? One M5Stack will be used for the timer purpose and will send the data to
the server
? One M5Stack will be used for the Ultrasonic Sensor connected to it
• Get the distance
• Calculate the points according to which rover goes by
? One M5Stack will be used for the Numpad puzzle
• Solve the puzzle
• Gate opens
• Sends data to server
? One M5Stack will be used for the PIR Motion Sensor
• Detect the Rover
• Instruct user to stop the timer


• Do’s and Don'ts
o User should not drive rover close to the danger area.
o User should avoid all the obstacles on the track.
o User should not take any shortcut to complete the mission.
o User should solve all the puzzle.